== Werkout

A personal workout log / journal web app targeted for mobile, powered by
Ruby on Rails, VueJS, and bootstrap.

Primarily intended for private / personal use as an upgrade to the traditional
notebook and pencil.  The backend is designed to agnostic of presentation;
acting mainly as a persistence layer with sprinkles to support specialized
queries.

The frontend was designed to be a Single-Page Application (SPA), but it lacks a
proper router, and ultimately, wasn't really needed.

Given this was just for my own personal use, it does not have all the polish,
security, or performance of a commercial application.

=== Models and Nomenclature

The data model and nomenclature is designed to reflect my own personal
system of recording my workouts.

In regards to how it is modeled:

* An 'exercise set' is a single set (instance) of a particular exercise.  An exercise set has a weight (or 0 / null for bodyweight) to indicate the resistance used in the set.  It also has both a 'target' number of repetitions (the desired / goal number of reps), and an actual number of repetitions.  As a visual aid, a set in which the target number of reps was achieved, a positive 'checkmark' icon is used.  When the target number is not achieved, a negative / red 'x' is displayed.
* An 'exercise' is a particular machine, movement, and is composed of 0 or more exercise_sets.
* A 'cardio' is a single bout of cariovascular exercise.  It has attributes for name, duration, resistance level, and calories burned.
* A 'workout' represents a whole workout session, and has 0 or more exercises, and 0 or more 'cardios'.

=== Features

* Navigation and controls designed for easy use on small, touch-screen devices.  Textfields (which require the onscreen keyboard to comandeer a large portion of available screen real estate) are minimized in favor of buttons.
* Building on the previous point, autocomplete is used where possible to save from requiring text input.
* Quick reference popup of the sets from the most recent workout that had a matching exercise (To help choose appropriate weights and target reps in the current workout).
* Glyphicons used in favor of text where possible.

=== Warning

This project is incomplete -- there is barely (if any) unit tests, and the code
is not as clean, commented, or documented up to the standards I uphold in my
professional work.  This is playground for practice and experimenting, while
producing a tool I can use in another part of life.
